beanie the leaf litter in one of
the indians southern forest
announced of loyal predators are
working to join the world
they are the longest venomous
snakes in the world
king cobras
though they may grow to be
eighteen feet in length
these babies or any other
fifteen inches long
despite their diminutive size
they already looking back like
your parents
equipped with all the skills
necessary to survive in their
new environment
should be skills will be enough
to ensure survival
and while the rest of his
brother and head high above for
safety
one small state
slivers for the water first week
in print
unfortunately fate is not on his
side
another print size predator is
on the lookout for them
the saltwater crocodile
is a legendary jayadev these
forces
this species is the largest
living reptile in the world
adults conver well over twenty
feet long anyway year and
overtime
crocodiles or opportunistic
hunter
while you wait
unsuspecting animal to come
along
like the bay buchanan co
this makes misguided instinct is
a windfall for the little self
whose work might snapped up the
little can go back
enjoys an an expectant